BluemanAdventure - straight laced but unwilling hero on a quest
to find his father, the captured king of the four realms of
fire, earth, water and air.

Game Overview:
	Game Concept:
		Blueman travels through 4 levels, one for each of the planets,
		Vodin, Ohenus, Zemere and Ventis. In each he sees specific colors, hears specific sounds.
		He meets friends and foes, friends give him health, foes take it away.
		He can kill both of them, but if he kills a friend, Blueman too will suffer.
		At the end of each level he obtains a scroll, a message from his father.
		He puts together the messages to build the map to his father.
		The last level is a bird's view labyrinth. There are four possible exit chambers, 
		the map leads the player to the correct one.
		The game ends when the player dies in the final level, or when they find the correct exit.

	Genre:
		Adventure Platformer with a story in the background.

	Target Audience:
		10 year old boys, Samuel, Alexander and Oskar. 

	Game flow summary:
		The player moves through the game using the keyboard interface.
		Up to jump, down to protect themselves, left/ right as expected.
		If they press left/right twice they will run.
		Hit with d, collect an item with c, open inventory with i.

		The player sees a moving background, less Donkey Kong, more Super MArio Bros style.
		NPCs come from right/ left. Player has a health bar and protection bar as part of their hud.
		
	Look and feel of the game:
		Pixelated, even exagerrated in this regard. There is no roundness in the game.
		The colours are simple, but they should fit together well stylistically,
		unlike in most retro looking games (with their charming but too strong colours).
		Each world should have its own set of colours.
		That said, the game should look very simple shapewise. 
		
Gameplay and Mechanics:
	Gameplay:
		Game progression:
			The player moves through the game by moving from the start point to the end point.
			This could be vertically (air and water) or horizonatally (earth and fire).
			They progress by collecting key items at the end of each level.
			They must also destroy their enemies (or they themselves will be killed).
			At the end they must exit the game using the correct protal,
			which they will only be able to tell apart using the key items they collected.
			Blueman should also be presented with memories which will give him clues on how best to 
			pass the level (to represent life lessons as well as add story).
			
		Mission Challenge Structure:
			At the beginning of each level they must be told WHY they are trying to reach the end.
			This could be done textually or through extremely simplistic cut scenes.
			Ex. Zemer: Zemer Capital Spina: bar to court. In the bar news reach him that his father has disappeared.
			He decides to drop his facade as Earth King's guard and talk to the Earth king.
			The way there is the game's tutorial. When he reaches the court however, he is targeted by the earth king
			and must make his escape of the city.
			
		Puzzle structure:
			There is no puzzles. The correct items must be in the players inventory for 100% success,
			but chance can always allow the player to win. Maybe a memory/ to life lesson system
			could be introduced. 
			Ex: player is showed Blueman's memory of his father's kings guard teaching him to use 
			the daggers. This could be done in the middle of a level which is likely/easiest to be completed
			using the daggers. It could also show the respect Blueman felt for the king's guard and the 
			lack of love he has for his father.

		Objectives:
			Heave Blueman learn from his past life. He cannot escape responsibility.
			Use these life lessons to pass the platformer levels, to collect the correct
			items. Build the map, escape the game, enter the real world, hopefully find your father.
			
		Game flow:
			The game should pass by relatively quickly, taking 1 hour - 3 hours to complete.
			The rate of enemy attack should be high. The music should be quick/ smooth/ progressive.
			Sometimes the rate of change between collection/ hits should be high.
			Items can be destroyed too with hits, even the crucial ones.
			
	Mechanics:
		Physics: How does the physical universe work?
			Depends on the world. 
			Air/ Water: the levels move vertically.
				Water: cold and high pressure.
				Air: cold and low pressure.
			Earth/ Fire: the levels move horizontally.
				Earth: 
			Characters alien to the current world need suits to survive in the world.
			
		

The Universum of the 4 brothers, the realm of Big 4
 Each inspired by water, fire, earth and air.
He starts his story in water ( but only passingly), as this is
the home he has decided to leave. Now living a life
of pleasure and hedonism in the capital of the realm,
he finds out his father has been kingnapped.
He decides to go on the quest to find him, (Why?).
First he travels through air (current position), then earth, then fire, before 
returning to water. In each he battles different enemies,
finds different friends.
Through air he travels because that is where the capital is.
Through earth he travels to get to water.
On the way he is attacked by fire.
